                                       Privacy policy
APD SKEG Pte Ltd built the APD Plant Growth application as a commercial application. The software is provided by APD SKEG Pte Ltd and used as-is.

Please note that this application does not collect or store any information. Cameras are used purely for viewing. The app will not take photos or videos at any given time.

This page is used to inform users of our policies on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information should someone decide to use our software.

Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meaning as our Terms and conditions, which are accessible in the APD Plant Growth Application.

  About information collection and use

In order to have a better experience using our software, we may ask you to provide us with certain information, including, but not limited to, a "camera license" to use it as a visualization tool that does not capture/store images in any way. The information we request is on your device and we will not collect or use the information described in this Privacy Policy in any way.

The app makes use of the Google Play Store and may collect information used to identify you.

    About the privacy of the children

This software is not intended for anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about anyone. If we become aware that such data has been collected, we will immediately remove it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we can take the necessary action.

    Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, it is recommended that you check this page periodically for any changes. If there are any changes, we will publish a new privacy policy on this page to inform you. These changes take effect as soon as they are posted to this page.

    Links to other sites

This software may contain links to other websites. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly encourage you to check the privacy policies of these sites. I have no control over, and accept no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party website or software.

    Contact us

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by email. Our email address is zhup@kean.edu.

